<preface>
<!-- 
Call it a preface, so that it gets included in the table of contents, a 
la UB's formatting regulations.
-->
<title>Abstract</title>
<para>
The impetus behind <citetitle>No Clergy</citetitle> was the desire to afford
audiences the ability to have an influence on a musical performance as it
occurs. By itself, this is nothing new, but there are a few features of
<citetitle>No Clergy</citetitle> that distinguish it from other pieces.
</para>

<para>
From the work of the late Earle Brown, especially
<citetitle>Available Forms I</citetitle> and
<citetitle>Available Forms II</citetitle>, it uses the idea of a random access
ordering of material played by acoustic performers. Unlike Stockhausen's
<citetitle lang="de">Klavierst&uuml;cke</citetitle>, it gives the decision making
power to someone other than the performer him or herself.
</para>

<para>
From the compositional environment at the University at Buffalo and the work of people like my advisor Cort Lippe, it takes the idea of modifying performance characteristics
in real time and using more finely graded units than in Brown's pieces.
</para>

<para>
From an earlier project of mine called <citetitle>No Cathedral</citetitle>, it takes
the idea of simultaneous acoustic performances of notation presented on computer screens.
In <citetitle>No Cathedral</citetitle>, computer signals chose between images of entire
pages of notation, whereas in <citetitle>No Clergy</citetitle>, each note is generated
individually. It also provided the basis for the title, which incidentally has nothing in
particular to do with religion.
</para>

<para>
From countless installations, it takes the idea of an immersive performance
environment, in which audience members feel free to move around and feel like
participants.
</para>

</preface>

