<chapter>
<title>
Performance
</title>

<anchor id="performance"/>

<para>
When <link linkend="setup_sh"><filename>~/setup.sh</filename></link>
is executed, initial random values are used to
generate a first pass of musical notation for each of the performers. The semantic
musical data are stored externally in a
<ulink url="http://musicxml.org/">MusicXML</ulink> file, and are also rendered into
an image file using <acronym>GNU</acronym>
<ulink url="http://lilypond.org/"><application>Lilypond</application></ulink>.
</para>

<para>
During the performance, audience members input data into their web forms
as desired. This data (along with internal data resulting from analysis
of the results of the initial run of the script) is then used to create
subsequent generations of musical data.  Each performer plays the
notation presented on his or her screen until
<link linkend="ending_the_piece">the end of the piece</link>.
</para>

<para>
The 2nd and later sets of musical notation are generated with the script 
<link linkend="noclergy_sh"><filename>~/noclergy.sh</filename></link>,
which reads both the audience feedback data and the previous musical
material stored in the MusicXML files in order to generate each
successive page of notation for each performer. It also moves old files
into a storage location, ensuring that any later runs of the script will
be based on the freshest available data.
</para>

<anchor id="ending_the_piece"/>
<formalpara>
<title>Ending the Piece</title>
<para>
The premiere will simply run each script a fixed number of times, ending
the piece when there are no more new pages of notation. Other
performances could simply loop, or have a cutoff condition (ending the
piece when the rest-to-note ratio rises above a certain point, for
example). The looping option would be especially appropriate for
alterations of the piece to use machine-generated sounds 
(<application>Csound</application>, or
<application>Max/MSP</application>, for example), rather than live 
acoustic performances.

</para>
</formalpara>

</chapter>
