<chapter>
<title>
Setup
</title>

<para>
<citetitle>No Clergy</citetitle> runs on a
<ulink url="http://www.debian.org/">Debian GNU/Linux</ulink>
system on Intel x86 architecture 
(although the architecture shouldn't matter), using
<emphasis>Sarge</emphasis>'s packages of
<itemizedlist mark="bullet" spacing="compact">
 <listitem><application>apache</application> (1.3.31-4)</listitem>
 <listitem><application>lilypond</application> (2.2.6)</listitem>
 <listitem><application>python</application> (2.3.4-5)</listitem>
 <listitem><application>python-xml</application> (0.8.3-5)</listitem>
</itemizedlist>
Specific version numbers following in parentheses. This system (assumed 
to have the hostname 
<filename>nibbler.med.buffalo.edu</filename>) should be set up to serve 
web documents.
</para>

<para>
The performers (clarinet, soprano saxophone, and violin in the default configuration)
should be in the center of an informal performance space, with one web browser equipped computer for each performer. The computers should be arranged such that the screens face
outward and the performers face inward. There should be ample room for audience members
to observe each performer's screen. Each performer should browse their web browser to
<filename>
http://nibbler.med.buffalo.edu/noclergy/clar/
</filename>
 (in the base of the clarinettist),
<filename>
http://nibbler.med.buffalo.edu/noclergy/sax/
</filename>
 (in the case of the saxophonist), or
<filename>
http://nibbler.med.buffalo.edu/noclergy/vn/
</filename>
 (in the case of the violinist). Differing
instrumentation will require creation of appropriate web directories and 
minor re-writing of some of the 
<application>Python</application> and 
<application>bash</application> scripts.
</para>

<para>
For the audience, one or more web browsers should be open to the 
<filename class="directory">noclergy/</filename> directory on the host 
(assumed to be
<systemitem class="systemname">nibbler.med.buffalo.edu</systemitem>).
</para>

<para>
The <application>Python</application> script 
<link 
linkend="noclergy_score"><filename>noclergy_score.py</filename></link> 
contains a variable <varname>localDTDpathS</varname>, which is the 
pathname pointing to the local copy of the MusicXML 
<acronym>DTD</acronym>. This will need to be altered if the piece is run 
on a server other than mine.
</para>

</chapter>
